curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/comparison-with-the-greater-than-operator.md, before:

---
id: 56533eb9ac21ba0edf2244d4
title: Comparison with the Greater Than Operator
challengeType: 1
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/cp6GbH4'
forumTopicId: 16786
dashedName: comparison-with-the-greater-than-operator
---

# --description--

The greater than operator (`>`) compares the values of two numbers. If the number to the left is greater than the number to the right, it returns `true`. Otherwise, it returns `false`.

Like the equality operator, the greater than operator will convert data types of values while comparing.

**Examples**

```js
5   >  3  // true
7   > '3' // true
2   >  3  // false
'1' >  9  // false
```

# --instructions--

Add the greater than operator to the indicated lines so that the return statements make sense.

# --hints--

`testGreaterThan(0)` should return the string `10 or Under`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(0) === '10 or Under');
```

`testGreaterThan(10)` should return the string `10 or Under`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(10) === '10 or Under');
```

`testGreaterThan(11)` should return the string `Over 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(11) === 'Over 10');
```

`testGreaterThan(99)` should return the string `Over 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(99) === 'Over 10');
```

`testGreaterThan(100)` should return the string `Over 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(100) === 'Over 10');
```

`testGreaterThan(101)` should return the string `Over 100`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(101) === 'Over 100');
```

`testGreaterThan(150)` should return the string `Over 100`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(150) === 'Over 100');
```

You should use the `>` operator at least twice

```js
assert(code.match(/val\s*>\s*('|")*\d+('|")*/g).length > 1);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function testGreaterThan(val) {
  if (val) {  // Change this line
    return "Over 100";
  }

  if (val) {  // Change this line
    return "Over 10";
  }

  return "10 or Under";
}

testGreaterThan(10);
```

# --solutions--

```js
function testGreaterThan(val) {
  if (val > 100) {  // Change this line
    return "Over 100";
  }
  if (val > 10) {  // Change this line
    return "Over 10";
  }
  return "10 or Under";
}
```

Commit message:

Adding links for Help Videos to curriculum

curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/comparison-with-the-greater-than-operator.md, after:

---
id: 56533eb9ac21ba0edf2244d4
title: Comparison with the Greater Than Operator
challengeType: 1
videoUrl: '/help-videos/Comparison with the Greater Than Operator.webm'
forumTopicId: 16786
dashedName: comparison-with-the-greater-than-operator
---

# --description--

The greater than operator (`>`) compares the values of two numbers. If the number to the left is greater than the number to the right, it returns `true`. Otherwise, it returns `false`.

Like the equality operator, the greater than operator will convert data types of values while comparing.

**Examples**

```js
5   >  3  // true
7   > '3' // true
2   >  3  // false
'1' >  9  // false
```

# --instructions--

Add the greater than operator to the indicated lines so that the return statements make sense.

# --hints--

`testGreaterThan(0)` should return the string `10 or Under`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(0) === '10 or Under');
```

`testGreaterThan(10)` should return the string `10 or Under`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(10) === '10 or Under');
```

`testGreaterThan(11)` should return the string `Over 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(11) === 'Over 10');
```

`testGreaterThan(99)` should return the string `Over 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(99) === 'Over 10');
```

`testGreaterThan(100)` should return the string `Over 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(100) === 'Over 10');
```

`testGreaterThan(101)` should return the string `Over 100`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(101) === 'Over 100');
```

`testGreaterThan(150)` should return the string `Over 100`

```js
assert(testGreaterThan(150) === 'Over 100');
```

You should use the `>` operator at least twice

```js
assert(code.match(/val\s*>\s*('|")*\d+('|")*/g).length > 1);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function testGreaterThan(val) {
  if (val) {  // Change this line
    return "Over 100";
  }

  if (val) {  // Change this line
    return "Over 10";
  }

  return "10 or Under";
}

testGreaterThan(10);
```

# --solutions--

```js
function testGreaterThan(val) {
  if (val > 100) {  // Change this line
    return "Over 100";
  }
  if (val > 10) {  // Change this line
    return "Over 10";
  }
  return "10 or Under";
}
```
