curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/comparison-with-the-greater-than-or-equal-to-operator.md, before:

---
id: 56533eb9ac21ba0edf2244d5
title: Comparison with the Greater Than Or Equal To Operator
challengeType: 1
videoUrl: 'https://scrimba.com/c/c6KBqtV'
forumTopicId: 16785
dashedName: comparison-with-the-greater-than-or-equal-to-operator
---

# --description--

The greater than or equal to operator (`>=`) compares the values of two numbers. If the number to the left is greater than or equal to the number to the right, it returns `true`. Otherwise, it returns `false`.

Like the equality operator, the greater than or equal to operator will convert data types while comparing.

**Examples**

```js
6   >=  6  // true
7   >= '3' // true
2   >=  3  // false
'7' >=  9  // false
```

# --instructions--

Add the greater than or equal to operator to the indicated lines so that the return statements make sense.

# --hints--

`testGreaterOrEqual(0)` should return the string `Less than 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(0) === 'Less than 10');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(9)` should return the string `Less than 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(9) === 'Less than 10');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(10)` should return the string `10 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(10) === '10 or Over');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(11)` should return the string `10 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(11) === '10 or Over');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(19)` should return the string `10 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(19) === '10 or Over');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(100)` should return the string `20 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(100) === '20 or Over');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(21)` should return the string `20 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(21) === '20 or Over');
```

You should use the `>=` operator at least twice

```js
assert(code.match(/val\s*>=\s*('|")*\d+('|")*/g).length > 1);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function testGreaterOrEqual(val) {
  if (val) {  // Change this line
    return "20 or Over";
  }

  if (val) {  // Change this line
    return "10 or Over";
  }

  return "Less than 10";
}

testGreaterOrEqual(10);
```

# --solutions--

```js
function testGreaterOrEqual(val) {
  if (val >= 20) {  // Change this line
    return "20 or Over";
  }

  if (val >= 10) {  // Change this line
    return "10 or Over";
  }

  return "Less than 10";
}
```

Commit message:

Adding links for Help Videos to curriculum

curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/comparison-with-the-greater-than-or-equal-to-operator.md, after:

---
id: 56533eb9ac21ba0edf2244d5
title: Comparison with the Greater Than Or Equal To Operator
challengeType: 1
videoUrl: '/help-videos/Comparison with the Greater Than Or Equal To Operator.webm'
forumTopicId: 16785
dashedName: comparison-with-the-greater-than-or-equal-to-operator
---

# --description--

The greater than or equal to operator (`>=`) compares the values of two numbers. If the number to the left is greater than or equal to the number to the right, it returns `true`. Otherwise, it returns `false`.

Like the equality operator, the greater than or equal to operator will convert data types while comparing.

**Examples**

```js
6   >=  6  // true
7   >= '3' // true
2   >=  3  // false
'7' >=  9  // false
```

# --instructions--

Add the greater than or equal to operator to the indicated lines so that the return statements make sense.

# --hints--

`testGreaterOrEqual(0)` should return the string `Less than 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(0) === 'Less than 10');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(9)` should return the string `Less than 10`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(9) === 'Less than 10');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(10)` should return the string `10 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(10) === '10 or Over');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(11)` should return the string `10 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(11) === '10 or Over');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(19)` should return the string `10 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(19) === '10 or Over');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(100)` should return the string `20 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(100) === '20 or Over');
```

`testGreaterOrEqual(21)` should return the string `20 or Over`

```js
assert(testGreaterOrEqual(21) === '20 or Over');
```

You should use the `>=` operator at least twice

```js
assert(code.match(/val\s*>=\s*('|")*\d+('|")*/g).length > 1);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function testGreaterOrEqual(val) {
  if (val) {  // Change this line
    return "20 or Over";
  }

  if (val) {  // Change this line
    return "10 or Over";
  }

  return "Less than 10";
}

testGreaterOrEqual(10);
```

# --solutions--

```js
function testGreaterOrEqual(val) {
  if (val >= 20) {  // Change this line
    return "20 or Over";
  }

  if (val >= 10) {  // Change this line
    return "10 or Over";
  }

  return "Less than 10";
}
```
