curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/testing-objects-for-properties.md, before:

---
id: 567af2437cbaa8c51670a16c
title: Testing Objects for Properties
challengeType: 1
forumTopicId: 18324
dashedName: testing-objects-for-properties
---

# --description--

Sometimes it is useful to check if the property of a given object exists or not. We can use the `.hasOwnProperty(propname)` method of objects to determine if that object has the given property name. `.hasOwnProperty()` returns `true` or `false` if the property is found or not.

**Example**

```js
const myObj = {
  top: "hat",
  bottom: "pants"
};

myObj.hasOwnProperty("top");
myObj.hasOwnProperty("middle");
```

The first `hasOwnProperty` returns `true`, while the second returns `false`.

# --instructions--

Modify the function `checkObj` to test if an object passed to the function (`obj`) contains a specific property (`checkProp`). If the property is found, return that property's value. If not, return `"Not Found"`.

# --hints--

`checkObj({gift: "pony", pet: "kitten", bed: "sleigh"}, "gift")` should return the string `pony`.

```js
assert(
  checkObj({ gift: 'pony', pet: 'kitten', bed: 'sleigh' }, 'gift') === 'pony'
);
```

`checkObj({gift: "pony", pet: "kitten", bed: "sleigh"}, "pet")` should return the string `kitten`.

```js
assert(
  checkObj({ gift: 'pony', pet: 'kitten', bed: 'sleigh' }, 'pet') === 'kitten'
);
```

`checkObj({gift: "pony", pet: "kitten", bed: "sleigh"}, "house")` should return the string `Not Found`.

```js
assert(
  checkObj({ gift: 'pony', pet: 'kitten', bed: 'sleigh' }, 'house') ===
    'Not Found'
);
```

`checkObj({city: "Seattle"}, "city")` should return the string `Seattle`.

```js
assert(checkObj({ city: 'Seattle' }, 'city') === 'Seattle');
```

`checkObj({city: "Seattle"}, "district")` should return the string `Not Found`.

```js
assert(checkObj({ city: 'Seattle' }, 'district') === 'Not Found');
```

`checkObj({pet: "kitten", bed: "sleigh"}, "gift")` should return the string `Not Found`.

```js
assert(checkObj({ pet: 'kitten', bed: 'sleigh' }, 'gift') === 'Not Found');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function checkObj(obj, checkProp) {
  // Only change code below this line
  return "Change Me!";
  // Only change code above this line
}
```

# --solutions--

```js
function checkObj(obj, checkProp) {
  if(obj.hasOwnProperty(checkProp)) {
    return obj[checkProp];
  } else {
    return "Not Found";
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Adding links for Help Videos to curriculum

curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/testing-objects-for-properties.md, after:

---
id: 567af2437cbaa8c51670a16c
title: Testing Objects for Properties
challengeType: 1
isHidden: false
videoUrl: '/help-videos/Testing Objects for Properties.webm'
forumTopicId: 18324
dashedName: testing-objects-for-properties
---

# --description--

Sometimes it is useful to check if the property of a given object exists or not. We can use the `.hasOwnProperty(propname)` method of objects to determine if that object has the given property name. `.hasOwnProperty()` returns `true` or `false` if the property is found or not.

**Example**

```js
const myObj = {
  top: "hat",
  bottom: "pants"
};

myObj.hasOwnProperty("top");
myObj.hasOwnProperty("middle");
```

The first `hasOwnProperty` returns `true`, while the second returns `false`.

# --instructions--

Modify the function `checkObj` to test if an object passed to the function (`obj`) contains a specific property (`checkProp`). If the property is found, return that property's value. If not, return `"Not Found"`.

# --hints--

`checkObj({gift: "pony", pet: "kitten", bed: "sleigh"}, "gift")` should return the string `pony`.

```js
assert(
  checkObj({ gift: 'pony', pet: 'kitten', bed: 'sleigh' }, 'gift') === 'pony'
);
```

`checkObj({gift: "pony", pet: "kitten", bed: "sleigh"}, "pet")` should return the string `kitten`.

```js
assert(
  checkObj({ gift: 'pony', pet: 'kitten', bed: 'sleigh' }, 'pet') === 'kitten'
);
```

`checkObj({gift: "pony", pet: "kitten", bed: "sleigh"}, "house")` should return the string `Not Found`.

```js
assert(
  checkObj({ gift: 'pony', pet: 'kitten', bed: 'sleigh' }, 'house') ===
    'Not Found'
);
```

`checkObj({city: "Seattle"}, "city")` should return the string `Seattle`.

```js
assert(checkObj({ city: 'Seattle' }, 'city') === 'Seattle');
```

`checkObj({city: "Seattle"}, "district")` should return the string `Not Found`.

```js
assert(checkObj({ city: 'Seattle' }, 'district') === 'Not Found');
```

`checkObj({pet: "kitten", bed: "sleigh"}, "gift")` should return the string `Not Found`.

```js
assert(checkObj({ pet: 'kitten', bed: 'sleigh' }, 'gift') === 'Not Found');
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
function checkObj(obj, checkProp) {
  // Only change code below this line
  return "Change Me!";
  // Only change code above this line
}
```

# --solutions--

```js
function checkObj(obj, checkProp) {
  if(obj.hasOwnProperty(checkProp)) {
    return obj[checkProp];
  } else {
    return "Not Found";
  }
}
```
